JWT & User (#1654)
api-platform/docs: core/jwt.md

```console
docker compose exec php \

>     composer require lexik/jwt-authentication-bundle

Reviewer: The alias is good: https://github.com/symfony/recipes/blob/833082a0826a7041534370a787b40d5dc0d86fc4/lexik/jwt-authentication-bundle/2.5/manifest.json#L8

Author: huh strange, did not worked for me.. :(

Author: But hope it's ok to use the official package name. I also changed `app_user_provider` to `users` to be a bit more compatible to symfony's official doc (https://symfony.com/doc/current/security/user_providers.html). Think `app_user_provider` was from old symfony docs.

        dev:
            pattern: ^/_(profiler|wdt)
            security: false
        auth:
            pattern: ^/auth
            stateless: true
            json_login:
                check_path: auth # The name in routes.yaml is enough for mapping
                username_path: email
                password_path: password
                success_handler: lexik_jwt_authentication.handler.authentication_success
                failure_handler: lexik_jwt_authentication.handler.authentication_failure
        main:
            stateless: true
            provider: users
            jwt: ~

    access_control:
        - { path: ^/$, roles: PUBLIC_ACCESS } # Allows accessing the Swagger UI
        - { path: ^/docs, roles: PUBLIC_ACCESS } # Allows accessing the Swagger UI docs
        - { path: ^/auth, roles: PUBLIC_ACCESS }
        - { path: ^/, roles: IS_AUTHENTICATED_FULLY }
```

> You must also declare the route used for `/authentication_token`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must also declare the route used for `/auth`:
```
